Phoebe:
OOH, OOH, OOH!
UGLY NAKED GUY'S
DECORATING HIS TREE.
AND OH, MY GOD,
YOU SHOULD SEE THE SIZE
OF HIS CHRISTMAS
BALLS.
HEY.
HOW MUCH DID YOU GUYS TIP
THE SUPER THIS YEAR?
WE WERE GOING
TO GIVE 50.
BUT IF YOU GAVE MORE,
WE HATE TO LOOK BAD.
ACTUALLY, THIS YEAR,
WE JUST MADE HIM
HOMEMADE COOKIES.
AND 25 IT IS.
YOU GAVE HIM COOKIES?
MONEY IS SO IMPERSONAL.
COOKIES SAYS SOMEONE
REALLY CARES.
ALL RIGHT, WE'RE BROKE.
BUT COOKIES DO SAY THAT.
I CAN SEE THAT.
A PLATE OF BROWNIES
ONCE TOLD ME A LIMERICK.
PHEEBS, LET ME
ASK YOU SOMETHING.
WERE THESE, UH,
"FUNNY" BROWNIES?
NOT ESPECIALLY.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK THEY HAD POT IN THEM.
SO, YOU GUYS, WHO ELSE
DID YOU TIP WITH COOKIES?
UH, THE MAILMAN...
THE SUPER...
( thudding )
Monica:
OH, AND THE NEWSPAPER
DELIVERY GUY.
OH, MY GOD.
Phoebe:
WHAT?
I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE GOING TO LIKE THIS.
Phoebe:
OH, WOW!
OOH! GOSH!
OH, THERE'S A COOKIE SMASHED
IN THE SPORTS SECTION.
OH, LOOK! AND HE DID
MY CROSSWORD PUZZLE.
YEAH, BUT NOT VERY WELL.
UNLESS "FOURTEEN ACROSS:
GERSHWIN MUSICAL" ACTUALLY IS
"BITE ME, BITE ME,
BITE ME, BITE ME."
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S
CHRISTMAS ALREADY.
I MEAN
ONE DAY YOU'RE EATING TURKEY.
THE NEXT THING YOU KNOW,
YOUR LORDS ARE A-LEAPING
AND YOUR GEESE ARE A-LAYING.
WHICH IS WHY GEESE
ARE SO RELAXED
THIS TIME OF YEAR.
HEY, GUYS.
All:
HEY.
HEY, RACH.
I, UH, GOT YOU
A LITTLE PRESENT.
I'LL OPEN IT.
IT'S A SLINKY.
REMEMBER?
♪ WHAT WALKS DOWNSTAIRS ♪
♪ ALONE OR IN PAIRS ♪
♪ EVERYONE KNOWS IT'S... ♪
♪ JUST A BIG SPRING. ♪
ALL RIGHT, YOU'RE
STILL MAD AT ME
BECAUSE OF THE WHOLE...
HORRIBLE AND DEGRADING LIST
OF REASONS NOT TO BE WITH ME?
HOW ABOUT FROM NOW ON
WE JUST CALL IT
THE "UNFORTUNATE
INCIDENT"?
HEY, GUNTHER.
YOU'VE GOT STAIRS
IN YOUR PLACE?
YEAH.
GO NUTS.
HEY, GUYS.
Both:
HEY.
WHAT'S
IN THE BAG?
MMM, JUST SOME PRESENTS.
COME ON, SHOW US
WHAT YOU BOUGHT.
YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO.
OKAY.
OKAY, THIS
IS A PICTURE FRAME
FROM BEN TO MY PARENTS.
AW, THAT'S CUTE.
I GOT SOME "HERS AND HERS"
TOWELS FOR SUSAN AND CAROL.
AND, UH...
I GOT THIS BLOUSE
FOR MOM.
ROSS, THAT IS GORGEOUS.
LOOK AT THESE
AUTHENTIC FAKE MEDALS.
MOM'S GOING TO BE VOTED
BEST-DRESSED
AT THE MAKE-BELIEVE
MILITARY ACADEMY.
HEY.
HEY, PHEEBS.
HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVE EVE.
YOU TOO.
OH, MY GOD.
WHERE DID YOU GET THIS?
UH, MACY'S,
THIRD FLOOR.
HOME FURNISHINGS.
THIS IS MY FATHER.
THIS IS A PICTURE
OF MY DAD.
PHEEBS, THAT'S THE GUY
THAT COMES IN THE FRAME.
NO. THIS IS MY DAD.
I'LL SHOW YOU.
PHOEBE, I THOUGHT
YOUR DAD WAS IN PRISON.
NO, NO.
THAT'S MY STEP-DAD.
MY REAL DAD'S THE ONE
THAT RAN OUT ON US
BEFORE I WAS BORN.
HOW HAVE YOU NEVER
BEEN ON OPRAH?
OKAY, LOOK, SEE?
THIS IS HIM.
MY MOTHER GAVE ME THIS PICTURE
BEFORE SHE DIED.
SAME GUY.
HONEY, UH, THIS IS
A PICTURE OF THE FRAME GUY
POSING IN FRONT
OF A BRIGHT BLUE SCREEN
WITH A COLLIE.
THAT'S NOT A BLUE SCREEN.
IT'S JUST...
MAYBE IT WAS JUST
REALLY CLEAR THAT DAY.
OKAY. I HAVE TO TALK
TO MY GRANDMOTHER.
Monica:
BUT WAIT A MINUTE, HONEY...
Men:
PHEEBS... PHEEBS...
WHOA.
WOW.
SO, ANYWAY, I'M TRYING TO GET
MY BOSS'S EX-WIFE
TO SLEEP WITH ME.
All:
JOEY!
OH, BUT WHEN PHOEBE HAS
A PROBLEM, EVERYONE'S ALL EARS.
"ES-THER LIVINGSTON..."
GONE!
AND...
HI, POOH.
HI, GRAM.
WHAT YOU DOING?
OH, JUST UPDATING
THE PHONE BOOK.
UM, GRAM?
UM, CAN I SEE THE PICTURES
OF MY DAD AGAIN?
OH.
OH, SURE, SURE.
UH...
HOW COME?
JUST, YOU KNOW, TO... SEE THEM.
OH, SURE. YEAH.
ALL RIGHT, WELL...
THIS IS THE ONE
OF YOUR FATHER
IN A MEADOW.
AND, UH, HELPING
A LITTLE BOY
FLY A KITE.
AND HERE HE IS
AT A GRADUATION.
ANOTHER GRADUATION.
OKAY.
IS THIS REALLY MY FATHER?
IS IT REALLY YOUR F...
I CA...
WELL, OF COURSE IT IS.
I SMELL SMOKE.
MAYBE THAT'S 'CAUSE
SOMEONE'S PANTS ARE ON FIRE.
WELL, I...
YOU KNOW,
IN ALL THE YEARS
THAT WE HAVE BEEN
GRANDMOTHER AND GRANDDAUGHTER
YOU HAVE NEVER
LIED TO ME.
ALL RIGHT,
THAT IS NOT YOUR FATHER.
THAT'S JUST A PICTURE
OF A GUY IN A FRAME.
OH, GOD...
IT WAS YOUR
MOTHER'S IDEA.
SHE DIDN'T WANT YOU
TO KNOW YOUR REAL FATHER
BECAUSE IT HURT HER
SO MUCH WHEN HE LEFT.
AND I DIDN'T WANT
TO GO ALONG WITH IT...
BUT THEN SHE DIED
AND IT WAS HARDER
TO ARGUE WITH HER.
NOT IMPOSSIBLE,
BUT HARDER.
ALL RIGHT, SO...
WELL, HE'S NOT
A FAMOUS TREE SURGEON?
AND THEN I GUESS, OKAY
HE DOESN'T LIVE IN A HUT
IN BURMA
WHERE THERE'S NO PHONES?
LAST I HEARD,
HE WAS A PHARMACIST
SOMEWHERE UPSTATE.
OKAY. THAT MAKES NO SENSE.
WHY WOULD THE VILLAGERS
WORSHIP A PHARMACIST?
HONEY...
OH.
YEAH.
ANYWAY, THAT'S
ALL I KNOW.
THAT...
AND THIS.
THIS...
IS THE REAL HIM.
OH.
YOU KNOW,
I REMEMBER MY FATHER
ALL DRESSED UP
IN THE RED SUIT
WITH THE BIG BLACK BOOTS
AND THE PATENT LEATHER BELT...
SNEAKING AROUND DOWNSTAIRS.
HE DIDN'T WANT ANYBODY
TO SEE HIM.
BUT HE'D BE DRUNK
SO HE'D STUMBLE,
CRASH INTO SOMETHING
AND WAKE EVERYBODY UP.
THAT DOESN'T SOUND LIKE
A VERY MERRY CHRISTMAS.
WHO SAID ANYTHING
ABOUT CHRISTMAS?
HI.
HEY. ANYONE HEAR
FROM PHOEBE YET?
NO, NOTHING.
I HOPE SHE'S OKAY.
I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT SHE'S
GOING THROUGH.
HOW DO YOU KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT SHE'S GOING THROUGH?
SHE TOLD US.
SO WHAT'D YOU
GOT THERE, MONICA?
JUST SOME STUFF
FOR THE PARTY.
SHOULDN'T YOU GUYS
BE CHRISTMAS SHOPPING?
YOU HAVEN'T GOTTEN
YOUR PRESENTS YET?
TOMORROW'S
CHRISTMAS EVE.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
DON'T YOU HAVE TO BE CLAYMATION
TO SAY STUFF LIKE THAT?
MON, I DON'T THINK THE MAILMAN
LIKED YOUR COOKIES.
HERE ARE THE ORNAMENTS
YOUR MOM SENT.
( splinters rattling )
WELL...
MAYBE THE MAILMAN
LIKED THE COOKIES.
WE JUST DIDN'T
GIVE HIM ENOUGH.
MONICA, PIGEONS
LEARN FASTER THAN YOU.
( both giggling )
HEY, RACH...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK I KNOW WHAT'LL
MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER.
HOW ABOUT YOU MAKE
A LIST ABOUT ME?
FORGET IT, ROSS.
I WON'T STAND HERE
AND MAKE A LIST...
OKAY. YOU'RE WHINY.
YOU ARE...
YOU'RE OBSESSIVE.
YOU ARE INSECURE.
YOU'RE GUTLESS.
YOU DON'T JUST SEIZE THE DAY.
YOU LIKED ME
FOR, WHAT, A YEAR
AND YOU DIDN'T DO
ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
AND, UH... OH, YOU WEAR TOO MUCH
OF THAT GEL IN YOUR HAIR.
SEE? THERE...
YOU, UH...
ALL RIGHT.
YOU DID WHAT I SAID.
YEAH, AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DO FEEL BETTER.
THANK YOU, ROSS.
YEAH. IN ALBANY.
COULD I HAVE THE NUMBER
OF FRANK BUFFAY?
OKAY. UM, IN ITHACA?
ALL RIGHT, UM, SARATOGA?
ONEONTA?
ALL RIGHT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU SHOULDN'T CALL YOURSELF
"INFORMATION."
HEY.
HELLO, GRANDMA.
IF THAT IS, IN FACT,
YOUR REAL NAME.
COME ON NOW, POOH.
DON'T STILL BE MAD AT ME.
HOW'S IT GOING?
NOT SO GOOD.
UPSTATE'S PRETTY BIG.
HE'S PRETTY SMALL.
YOU DO THE MATH.
WELL, I THINK YOU'RE
BETTER OFF WITHOUT HIM.
OH, HONEY, I KNOW
HE'S YOUR DADDY
BUT TO ME, HE'S STILL
THE IRRESPONSIBLE CREEP
WHO KNOCKED UP YOUR MOM
AND STOLE HER GREMLIN.
I KNOW, I JUST...
I JUST WANT TO KNOW
WHO HE WAS, YOU KNOW...
YEAH. I KNOW.
OKAY.
I WASN'T COMPLETELY
HONEST WITH YOU
WHEN I TOLD YOU
THAT, UH...
I DIDN'T KNOW
EXACTLY WHERE HE LIVED.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
HE LIVES AT
74 LAUREL DRIVE
IN MIDDLETOWN.
IF YOU HIT THE DIARY QUEEN,
YOU'VE GONE TOO FAR.
HERE-- TAKE MY CAB.
WOW!
THANK YOU.
NOW, REMEMBER,
NOBODY ELSE DRIVES THAT CAB.
UH-HUH. GOT IT.
I'M GOING
TO SEE MY DAD.
OH, THANK YOU.
OH...
OKAY.
WISH ME LUCK, GRANDPA.
HEY. PHOEBE HERE
WITH THE CAB YET?
YEAH, SHE BROUGHT
THE INVISIBLE CAB.
HOP IN.
SHE BETTER
GET HERE SOON.
THE OUTLET STORES
CLOSE AT 7:00.
DON'T WORRY. I FIGURE TWO HOURS
TO PHOEBE'S DAD'S HOUSE.
THEY'LL MEET, CHAT,
SWAP LIFE STORIES.
WE'LL STILL HAVE
PLENTY OF TIME.
HEY, HERE
SHE COMES.
HEY, HEY!
HEY.
HI.
HEY!
HEY.
CAN YOU
BELIEVE THIS?
IN LIKE TWO HOURS,
I'M GOING TO HAVE A DAD. EESHK!
EESHK.
YEAH, BIG STUFF.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
OKAY.
HERE. YOU HAVE
TO HOLD THIS.
OKAY.
"BRAKE: LEFT, GAS: RIGHT?"
UH-HUH. YEAH.
THAT'S MY CHEAT SHEET.
WHERE'S MY SEAT BELT?
OH, NO, THAT SIDE
DOESN'T HAVE ONE.
THE PARAMEDICS
HAD TO CUT THROUGH IT.
HEY!
HEY.
COME ON, JUST
TELL ME, PLEASE.
PLEASE.
FOR THE 16th TIME
NO, I DO NOT THINK
YOU'RE OBSESSIVE.
OH, GOSH, IT'S HOT IN HERE.
RACH, GET THE HEAT.
ROSS, COULD YOU TURN
THE HEAT DOWN, PLEASE?
SURE. AND BY THE WAY,
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN BEING
OBSESSIVE...
ROSS, THE HEAT.
FINE. OKAY.
HEAT, HEAT, HEAT.
AND I'M THE
OBSESSIVE ONE.
OKAY, THIS WAY IS ON,
SO THIS IS...
OFF.
DID YOU JUST BREAK
THE RADIATOR?
NO.
NO, I WAS TURNING
THE KNOB AND, AND...
HERE IT IS.
WELL, PUT IT BACK.
IT, UH...
IT WON'T GO BACK.
OH... I'LL CALL THE SUPER.
HERE. LET ME TRY.
OH. OH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I FORGOT ABOUT
YOUR ABILITY
TO FUSE METAL.
HEY, IT'S FUNNY'S COUSIN,
NOT FUNNY.
HI, MR. TREEGER.
HI, IT'S
RACHEL GREEN
FROM UPSTAIRS.
YES, SOMEBODY BROKE OUR KNOB
ON THE RADIATOR
AND IT'S REALLY HOT IN HERE.
YES, IT'S HOT ENOUGH
TO BAKE COOKIES.
WELL, DO YOU THINK WE COULD HAVE
A NEW ONE BY 6:00?
WHAT? NO, NO. TUESDAY?
WE CAN'T WAIT UNTIL TUESDAY.
WE'RE HAVING
A PARTY TONIGHT.
OKAY, TIP THE MAN.
NO, IF HE DOESN'T LIKE
OUR COOKIES, TOO BAD.
I'M NOT GOING
TO BE BLACKMAILED.
LOOK, IF WORSE COMES TO WORSE,
IT GETS A LITTLE WARM
WE'LL CALL IT A THEME PARTY.
HEY, HERE'S A THEME--
COME ON IN, LIVE LIKE BACON.
Phoebe:
OOH, THIS IS IT.
74.
OH, SO THAT'S WHAT
THIS IS FOR.
WOW.
THIS IS IT.
I'M GOING TO MEET MY DAD.
THIS IS LIKE
THE BIGGEST THING EVER, HUH?
YEAH.
SURE IS.
OKAY.
HERE I GO. I'M GOING IN.
ALL RIGHT.
GOOD LUCK, PHEEBS.
OKAY.
HERE I GO.
I'M GOING.
HI. WELCOME TO OUR
TROPICAL CHRISTMAS PARTY.
YOU CAN PUT YOUR COATS
AND SWEATERS
AND PANTS AND SHIRTS
IN THE BEDROOM.
IT'S HARD TO TELL
BECAUSE I'M SWEATING
BUT I USE EXACTLY
WHAT THE GEL BOTTLE SAYS.
AN AMOUNT ABOUT THE SIZE
OF A PEA.
HOW CAN THAT BE TOO MUCH?
Monica:
ICE?
ICE? ICE SQUARES, ANYONE?
TAKE A NAPKIN.
ALL RIGHT.
MONICA.
MONICA, YOUR GUESTS
ARE TURNING INTO JERKY, OKAY?
REALLY?
I'M PERFECTLY COMFORTABLE.
HEY, HEY, HEY,
GET IN LINE, BUDDY.
I WAS NEXT.
MR. TREEGER.
YOU SAID THERE WAS A PARTY.
OH, YEAH.
WELL, HEY, WELCOME TO OUR SAUNA.
IS IT HOT?
MY BODY ALWAYS STAYS COOL.
PROBABLY BECAUSE
I HAVE SO MUCH SKIN.
HEY, CHEESE.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, HERE'S THE CHANCE.
MONICA, GIVE HIM CASH.
RACHEL, GIVE HIM YOUR EARRINGS.
SOMETHING. NOW. ANYTHING.
NO.
I WILL NOT CAVE.
YEAH, I'M WITH MON.
ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT.
YOU KNOW HOW YOU SAY
I NEVER SEIZE THE DAY?
EVEN THOUGH HE'S YOUR SUPER,
I'M SEIZING.
MR. TREEGER?
HERE IS 50 BUCKS.
MERRY CHRISTMAS.
OH, WOW.
I DIDN'T GET YOU ANYTHING.
HERE'S FIVE BACK.
NO, NO. THAT'S
YOUR CHRISTMAS TIP.
ALL RIGHT?
OH, HEY.
DO YOU THINK THERE'S A CHANCE
YOU CAN FIX THAT RADIATOR NOW?
NO CAN DO.
LIKE I TOLD THE GIRL
I CAN'T GET A NEW KNOB
UNTIL TUESDAY.
ROSS?
YEAH.
LOOKS LIKE HE'S
PLAYING BASEBALL.
YOU MEAN HARDBALL?
WHATEVER.
WHAT YOU GONNA DO?
EXCUSE ME.
I'M SEIZING.
MR. TREEGER...
HERE'S ANOTHER 50.
HAPPY HANUKKAH.
WILL THIS HELP
WITH THE KNOB-GETTING?
NO.
THE PLACE IS NOT OPEN
TILL TUESDAY.
AM I NOT SAYING IT RIGHT?
SO, WAIT...
YOU REALLY DID LIKE
MY COOKIES?
OH, YEAH.
THEY WERE SO PERSONAL.
IT REALLY SHOWED
YOU CARED.
NICE SEIZING... GEL-BOY.
SO, UH...
IS THIS, UH...
MISTLETOE?
( laughs )
NO, AC... NO.
UH, THAT...
THAT IS BASIL.
OH.
'CAUSE IF IT WAS MISTLETOE
I WAS GOING TO KISS YOU.
HO-HO!
YEAH, NO.
IT'S STILL BASIL.
♪ CHESTNUTS ROASTING
ON AN OPEN FIRE ♪
♪ JACK FROST
NIPPING AT YOUR NOSE ♪
OKAY.
HOW FAR DID YOU GET?
MAILBOX.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE GETTING CLOSER.
UH-HUH.
PHEEBS, WHAT'S GOING ON?
NO, IT'S JUST LIKE, YOU KNOW
IT'S A WHOLE MESS OF STUFF,
YOU KNOW
BECAUSE...
LIKE YESTERDAY, YOU KNOW
MY DAD WAS THIS, LIKE,
FAMOUS BURMA TREE SURGEON GUY
AND, YOU KNOW,
NOW HE'S A PHARMACIST GUY.
WELL, MAYBE
HE'S THIS REALLY
COOL PHARMACIST GUY.
YEAH, MAYBE.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW, AND I'LL KNOCK
ON THE DOOR
AND HE'LL HUG ME
AND I'LL HAVE A DAD.
YOU KNOW, AND I'LL GO
TO HIS PHARMACY
AND EVERYONE WILL BE
REALLY NICE TO ME
'CAUSE YOU KNOW,
I'M FRANK'S DAUGHTER.
WELL, SO WHY NOT GO KNOCK?
WELL, 'CAUSE, I MEAN, WHAT IF...
WHAT IF HE'S NOT
THIS GREAT DAD GUY?
I MEAN, WHAT IF HE'S JUST
STILL THE DIRTBAG
WHO RAN OUT ON MY MOM AND US?
YEAH.
HMM.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'VE ALREADY LOST
A FAKE DAD THIS WEEK
AND...
I DON'T THINK I'M READY
TO LOSE A REAL ONE.
PHEEBS, THAT'S OKAY.
YOU TOOK A BIG STEP TODAY.
YEAH?
YEAH.
AND SOMEDAY
WHEN YOU'RE READY
YOU'LL MAKE IT
PAST THE HEDGES.
AND WHEN YOU DO,
HE'LL BE LUCKY TO HAVE YOU.
YOU GUYS...
I'M SORRY
ABOUT YOUR SHOPPING.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
WE'LL FIGURE SOMETHING OUT.
UH... LISTEN, PHEEBS,
I KNOW YOU'RE NOT
GOING IN THERE
BUT YOU THINK
IT WOULD BE ALL RIGHT
IF I WENT IN
AND USED HIS BATHROOM?
THAT'S FINE.
NEVER MIND.
I JUST...
COOL. SNOW.
KIND OF LIKE A BLANK CANVAS.
HO-HO-HO-HOLY CRAP,
IS IT HOT IN HERE.
HEY, YOU MIND
IF I TURN THE HEAT DOWN?
HEY, WE COULD'VE USED THAT KIND
OF THINKING EARLIER.
Ross:
HEY, PHEEBS, HOW DID IT GO?
OH... I COULDN'T
GO IN.
Monica:
OH, HONEY, I'M SORRY.
WELL, ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, YEAH.
NO, IT'S OKAY.
'CAUSE, I MEAN,
I KNOW HE'S THERE
SO THAT'S ENOUGH FOR NOW.
HEY, GUYS, IT'S AFTER MIDNIGHT.
MERRY CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE.
OH, THAT'S RIGHT!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
HEY, MONICA, THE KNOB WAS BROKEN
SO I JUST TURNED IT OFF
FROM UNDERNEATH.
I HOPE THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
Joey:
RACH, THESE ARE FOR YOU.
WIPER BLADES.
I DON'T EVEN
HAVE A CAR.
NO, BUT WITH THIS NEW CAR SMELL
YOU'LL THINK YOU DO!
THERE.
OKAY, PHEEBS, YOUR TURN.
OH!
TOILET SEAT COVERS!
IT'S THAT WHAT YOU GOT
WHEN I GOT GAS?
UH-HUH.
YOU GUYS...
OKAY. AND FOR ROSS...
MR. SWEET TOOTH...
YOU GOT ME A COLA DRINK?
AND... A LEMON-LIME!
WOW...
WELL, THIS...
THIS IS TOO MUCH.
I FEEL LIKE
I SHOULD GET YOU
ANOTHER SWEATER.
NO.
AND LAST,
BUT NOT LEAST...
THEY'RE RIBBED
FOR YOUR PLEASURE.